{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2513
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Python 1/27/21\
\
chatnotes:\
Nan Rosenbloom to Everyone (1:02 PM)\
Guess we need elevator music.\
Kevin Paul to Everyone (1:09 PM)\
https://ncar.github.io/python-tutorial/\
https://docs.python.org/3/\
Https://stackoverflow.com/\
Ah, work life in COVID!\
Imoleayo Ezekiel Gbode to Everyone (1:10 PM)\
Compliments of the very new year Julia, Kelvin and everyone!\
Kevin Paul to Everyone (1:10 PM)\
Thanks!\
And to you!\
Nan Rosenbloom to Everyone (1:10 PM)\
Love the kitty!\
David Salisbury to Everyone (1:14 PM)\
a curl command to download this file?\
Kevin Paul to Everyone (1:15 PM)\
Yes.  There should be instructions on the https://ncar.github.io/python-tutorial site.\
Anissa Zacharias to Everyone (1:15 PM)\
I believe its curl -kO https://sundowner.colorado.edu/weather/atoc8/wxobs20170821.txt\
Kevin Paul to Everyone (1:16 PM)\
(David, I\'92m assuming you are referring to the data file Anissa just referenced.)\
David Salisbury to Everyone (1:16 PM)\
thinking the windchill file.. ;-)\
Kevin Paul to Everyone (1:17 PM)\
No.  This was created in previous tutorials.  You can get from Github.\
Or follow along in the previous tutorials  on https://ncar.github.io/python-tutorial/.\
Seth McGinnis to Everyone (1:20 PM)\
Is there anything you need to do to avoid confusion between line continuation indents and loop / function nesting indents?\
Kevin Paul to Everyone (1:22 PM)\
The trick here is to use the outer parentheses.  If you use outer parentheses, you just need to indent to the first column \'93inside the outer parentheses\'94 to continue the line.\
Kevin Paul to Everyone (1:23 PM)\
It will be indented differently than anything in a loop / function section, so it \'85should\'85be clear\'85?\
Does that help?\
Kevin Paul to Everyone (1:24 PM)\
(Again, because whitespace matters with Python, we highly advise that you DO NOT indent with tabs. Only indent with spaces.  And then always look at your code with a monospaced font\'85so the columns always line up.)\
Imoleayo Ezekiel Gbode to Everyone (1:29 PM)\
I get the error message on git commit -m\
fatal: unable to auto-detect email address\
Kevin Paul to Everyone (1:30 PM)\
You probably need to configure git.  See here:  https://git-scm.com/book/en/v2/Getting-Started-First-Time-Git-Setup\
Imoleayo Ezekiel Gbode to Everyone (1:30 PM)\
Ok. Thanks\
Kevin Paul to Everyone (1:30 PM)\
If git is not set up, then I advise skipping the git steps.  You can do those later.\
Imoleayo Ezekiel Gbode to Everyone (1:30 PM)\
It work for me before the break\
Kevin Paul to Everyone (1:31 PM)\
Did anything get updated on your machine (laptop)?\
Seth McGinnis to Everyone (1:33 PM)\
Does it matter if you have spaces around the = for a keyword argument?\
Kevin Paul to Everyone (1:33 PM)\
No.  But it is best practice to not have spaces around the \'93=\'93 in function definitions or function calls.\
Kevin Paul to Everyone (1:33 PM)\
(Not required, though.)\
Kelly McGarry to Everyone (1:34 PM)\
what does underscore do in "for _ in range(3):">\
Kevin Paul to Everyone (1:35 PM)\
The underscore is a valid variable name in Python.  But it is commonly used to indicate variables that you don\'92t really plan on using.\
Kelly McGarry to Everyone (1:35 PM)\
thanks!\
Kevin Paul to Everyone (1:35 PM)\
You\'92re welcome!\
Kevin Paul to Everyone (1:43 PM)\
Are you running with python 2?\
Did you forget to activate your conda environment?\
Sorry, everyone, that was supposed to be a direct message (but still good advice!).\
Seth McGinnis to Everyone (1:44 PM)\
I now have a directory named __pycache__ in my directory.  What\'92s that about?\
Kevin Paul to Everyone (1:44 PM)\
Wait for it...\
Seth McGinnis to Everyone (1:44 PM)\
Aha!\
Nick Lybarger to Everyone (1:47 PM)\
capital A\
Xueling Shi to Everyone (1:47 PM)\
git add -A\
Kevin Paul to Everyone (1:48 PM)\
Thanks for catching that, everyone!\
(Namely, Nick and Xueling!)\
Kevin Paul to Everyone (1:51 PM)\
Everything in the \{\} brackets (up to the colon) is python code that will be executed \'93inside the string\'94.\
Without a return statement, a function (by default) returns \'93None\'94 which is a special symbol in Python for\'85nothing.\
Dave Serke to Everyone (1:54 PM)\
'f' not in first/third print statements, as per web tutorial\
Kevin Paul to Everyone (1:55 PM)\
Yes.\
Kevin Paul to Everyone (1:55 PM)\
You only need the \'91f\'92 if you are inserting \'93variable data\'94 into the string with \{\} brackets.\
Or, in other words, those string without the \'91f\'92 are just normal string.  Not \'93f-strings\'94.\
Kevin Paul to Everyone (1:58 PM)\
\'85Everyone try this out yourself on your own heatindexcomp.py script.  (If that wasn\'92t clear.  :-))}